Xsup 30555 maprangevalues (#31095)
demisto/content: Packs/FiltersAndTransformers/Scripts/MapRangeValues/README.md

This script converts an input value into another value using two lists. The input value or range is searched in the first list (map_from). 
If it exists, the value at the same index from the second list (map_to) is returned. If there is no match, the original value is returned.

> This script support range values of float numbers, and string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script supports mapping from either ranges of float numbers or text strings.
```
please add to the description in the yml as well
